# Overview

This project implements a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) and FedGAN to augment COVID-19 datasets. It is based on the paper "Federated Learning for COVID-19 Detection with Generative Adversarial Networks in Edge Cloud Computing", published in the IEEE Internet of Things Journal, November 2021 (DOI: 10.1109/JIOT.2021.3125001).

The GAN is designed to generate synthetic COVID-19 data, aiming to enhance training datasets for machine learning models used in COVID-19 detection and FedGAN is implemented in order to protect the privacy of the data in a dec-centralized set up.

# Project Structure

COVID_GAN3.py: The main script for training the GAN model.
model_GAN3.py: Defines the architecture of the Generator and Discriminator models.
Client_COVID.py: Implements the client-side functionality for federated learning, including data processing and model updates for COVID-19 detection.
Server_COVID.py: Handles the server-side aggregation of model updates from clients and coordinates the federated learning process.
CNN_COVID_Classification.py: Defines and trains a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model for classifying COVID-19 from the augmented dataset.

# Requirements

To run the project, install the following dependencies:
Python 3.5 or above
PyTorch
torchvision
matplotlib
pandas
numpy

# Install the required libraries via:

pip install torch torchvision matplotlib pandas numpy

# Dataset

The dataset should be structured in folders under a root directory named CovidDataset, with each subfolder corresponding to a class label. Images will be automatically normalized and resized to 64x64 pixels during preprocessing.

# How to run this code: 
Follow these steps to execute the project:
1) Install dependencies: Ensure all required libraries are installed.
2) Run the standalone GAN: Begin with COVID_GAN3.py to generate synthetic COVID-19 data.
3) Run the FedGAN model:
  Start the server using Server_COVID.py.
  Initialize clients using Client_COVID.py (set up 50 hospital clients as an example).
4) Classify COVID-19: Train and evaluate the CNN model using CNN_COVID_Classification.py.

# Recommended Sequence:
model_GAN3.py,
COVID_GAN3.py,
Client_COVID.py,
Server_COVID.py,
CNN_COVID_Classification.py

# Notes
1) Privacy Assurance: FedGAN ensures data privacy by decentralizing model training and avoiding raw data sharing.
2) Data Augmentation: The synthetic data generated by GAN models enhances the robustness of machine learning models in COVID-19 detection.



